Update README and ATL display to reflect ATL grammar (#122)
d702e20/OnTheFlyATL: README.md

# atl-checker

This application can do model checking of alternating-time temporal logic (ATL) on concurrent game structures (CGSs).

> It uses an on-the-fly evaluation method as opposed to calculating the fixed point like PRISM do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It uses an on-the-fly evaluation method as opposed to calculating the fixed point like PRISM does.
```

> This lazy method avoids having to generate the whole graph, and is therefore faster in most cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This lazy evaluation method avoids generating the whole graph, and is therefore faster in most cases.
```

> With this lazy method we avoid generating the whole graph, and it is therefore faster in most cases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this lazy method we avoid generating the whole graph, and it is therefore an order of magnitude faster in most cases.
```

We can link to SciHub/arXiv later on for this statement

The ATL-checker also uses a custom language to describe CGSs in a lazy manner. We call it LCGS and

> it's syntax is inspired by PRISM-lang, however, the concepts of syncronization and modules are very different.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
its syntax is inspired by PRISM-lang, however, the concepts of synchronization and modules are very different.  
```
